27th jan 
What is difference between groovy script and jenkins declarative pipeline?

I have a question that k8s manifest file and docker file are responsibilties for Development or devops engineer, as i am working as production support in my company and over there we dont write that and there is no devops team, so mostly it is written by developers?

What is groovy development? How it is different from declarative pipeline?

How do we know  that how many master are controlling how many slaves?

28th jan

How can we maintain automatic version maintenance in cicd without manual intervention? And for docker as well? Suppose the pipeline is running 20 times a day?

Can we upgrade the EC2 instance type in order to avoid the lagging which we are facing as in future the project will be huge?

System Design importance for good product based company.

 ls -l /var/run/docker.sock
srw-rw---- 1 root docker 0 Jan 31 08:45 /var/run/docker.sock

Suppose some images are not there so docker automatically fetches from docker hub? In case of open source image?

In your pom.xml maven version is different wrt to ubuntu? Doesn’t it create problem? — no


3rd feb and 4th Feb

How can we maintain automatic version maintenance in cicd without manual intervention? And for docker as well? Suppose the pipeline is running 20 times a day?  4th feb recording time 11:45 am

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62849887/is-there-a-good-approach-at-automatically-incrementing-maven-versions

Who writes test cases for mvn test steps.—developers

How schduler is scheduling the pod since it is not directly communicating with kublet?  As per your diagram api server is the way of communication?
—— via api server

If service acts like router it will route to pod then why do we need ports section? Since deployment has already ports defined in manifest file? 

What if we have two pods inside a node? How we will write ports for p1 and p2?

What are we going to learn in cd deployment? Argo cd ? I mean pipeline?
——ansible

5th feb doubts

How the path are mentioned the k8s files? http://ec2ip:port/products, so /products is the relative path which is providing the json data , where it is mentioned? — in the code

Why pod is restarting , liveness prob troubleshooting how to do? --- Document will be attached.

The health check ( path and port) that we are providing in k8s manifest file under liveness prob, how to decide that? Development team
